README.md, before:

```This repo created  for a theme of  Jitsi Hackathon```

#### jitsi-activeSpeaker
##### active speaker's priority
- order the tileView
- order the filmstrip



##### filter by text
Updated on [MeetingParticipantList](https://github.com/bayraktarulku/jitsi-activeSpeaker/blob/main/jitsi-meet/react/features/participants-pane/components/MeetingParticipantList.js) file

useState created and assigned [] as an initial value.

```
const [filteredParticipants, setFilteredCParticipants] = useState([]);
const [search, setSearch] = useState('');
```

```
useEffect(() => {
  setFilteredCParticipants(
    participants.filter((participant) =>
      participant.name.toLowerCase().includes(search.toLowerCase())
    )
  );
}, [search, participants]);
```

```
<FieldTextStateless
    autoFocus = { true }
    id = 'searchParticipant'
    onChange={(e) => setSearch(e.target.value)}
    placeholder = { t('Search Participant') }
    shouldFitContainer = { true }
    type = 'text'/>
<div>
    {filteredParticipants.map((p) => (
        <MeetingParticipantItem
            isHighlighted = { raiseContext.participant === p }
            key = { p.id }
            onContextMenu = { toggleMenu(p) }
            onLeave = { lowerMenu }
            participant = { p } /> : null
    ))}
```

Commit message:

doc completed for filter by text

README.md, after:

```This repo created  for a theme of  Jitsi Hackathon```

#### jitsi-activeSpeaker
##### active speaker's priority
- order the tileView
- order the filmstrip



##### filter by text
Updated on [MeetingParticipantList.js] (https://github.com/bayraktarulku/jitsi-activeSpeaker/blob/main/jitsi-meet/react/features/participants-pane/components/MeetingParticipantList.js) file

useState. It's a function exposed by react itself
useEffect: The component becomes a function and fetch gets called inside
React hooks: useState and useEffect; you'll import it in your components as:

```
import React, { useCallback, useRef, useState , useEffect} from 'react';
```

We define our value that will run when the component is first loaded as `[]`.
userState initial value -> useState([])
It won't be active the next time the code runs.
** Normally variables disappear when the function completes. But useState()
   keeps variables global, so it doesn't disappear.
useState () uses two values.
    - variable name (filteredParticipants)
    - function that will update the variable (setFilteredParticipants).
```
const [filteredParticipants, setFilteredParticipants] = useState([]);
const [search, setSearch] = useState('');
```

useEffect: Called again in every render. setFilteredParticipants refresh when search text changes
```
useEffect(() => {
  setFilteredParticipants(
    participants.filter((participant) =>
      participant.name.toLowerCase().includes(search.toLowerCase())
    )
  );
}, [search, participants]);
```


```
<FieldTextStateless
    autoFocus = { true }
    id = 'searchParticipant'
    onChange={(e) => setSearch(e.target.value)}
    placeholder = { t('Search Participant') }
    shouldFitContainer = { true }
    type = 'text'/>
<div>
    {filteredParticipants.map((p) => (
        <MeetingParticipantItem
            isHighlighted = { raiseContext.participant === p }
            key = { p.id }
            onContextMenu = { toggleMenu(p) }
            onLeave = { lowerMenu }
            participant = { p } /> : null
    ))}
</div>
```
